"You have to believe in yourself when no one else does. —Serena Williams"
"Take the time to enjoy the little things for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things. —Robert Brault"
"Love your family work super hard live your passion. —Gary Vaynerchuk"
"Life is very interesting…in the end some of your greatest pains become your greatest strengths. —Drew Barrymore"
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. —Confucius"
"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. —Oscar Wilde"
"Don’t take yourself too seriously. Know when to laugh at yourself and find a way to laugh at obstacles that inevitably present themselves. —Halle Bailey"
"If you really want to do something you’ll find a way. If you don’t you’ll find an excuse. —Jim Rohn"
"Tough times never last but tough people do. —Robert H. Schuller"
"Failure is a great teacher and if you are open to it every mistake has a lesson to offer. —Oprah Winfrey"
"One of the differences between some successful and unsuccessful people is that one group is full of doers while the other is full of wishers. —Edmond Mbiaka"
"Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come without leaving happier. —Mother Teresa"
"It’s failure that gives you the proper perspective on success. —Ellen DeGeneres"
"I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions. —Stephen R. Covey"
"Always go with your passions. Never ask yourself if it’s realistic or not. —Deepak Chopra"
"Whether you think you can or you can’t you’re right. —Henry Ford"
"Be sure you put your feet in the right place then stand firm. —Abraham Lincoln"
"If you change the way you look at things the things you look at change. —Wayne Dyer"
"Do one thing every day that scares you. —Eleanor Roosevelt"
"Don’t settle for average. Bring your best to the moment. Then whether it fails or succeeds at least you know you gave all you had. —Angela Bassett"
"Believe and act as if it were impossible to fail. —Charles Kettering"
"Get busy living or get busy dying. —Stephen King"
"Nothing is impossible. The word itself says ‘I’m possible!’ —Audrey Hepburn"
"We become what we think about most of the time. —Earl Nightingale"
"“Someday” is a disease that will take your dreams to the grave with you. —Timothy Ferriss"
"Oh! It’s Friday again. Share the love that was missing during the week. In a worthy moment of peace and bliss. —S. O’ Sade"
"What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say. —Ralph Waldo Emerson"
"Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time. —Marthe Troly-Curtin"
"The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful honorable compassionate and to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well. —Ralph Waldo Emerson"
"Tough times never last but tough people do. —Robert H. Schuller"
"Keep your face towards the sunshine and shadows will fall behind you. —Walt Whitman"
"Success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. —Anonymous"
"Small is not just a stepping stone. Small is a great destination itself. —Jason Fried"
"Love the life you live. Live the life you love. —Bob Marley"
"If you can tune into your purpose and really align with it then life flows much more easily. —Jack Canfield"
"Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done it’s always your choice. —Wayne Dyer"
"Always do your best. What you plant now you will harvest later. —Og Mandino"
"Don’t bunt. Aim out of the ballpark. Aim for the company of immortals. —David Ogilvy"
"Live out of your imagination not your history. —Stephen Covey"
"The morning was full of sunlight and hope. —Kate Chopin"
"Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving. —Albert Einstein"
"No need to hurry. No need to sparkle. No need to be anybody but oneself. —Virginia Woolf"
"Every day is a new beginning. Treat it that way. Stay away from what might have been and look at what can be. —Marsha Petrie Sue"
"The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams. —Oprah Winfrey"
"Dreaming after all is a form of planning. —Gloria Steinem"
"Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood. —Ralph Waldo Emerson"
"Someone’s sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago. —Warren Buffett"
"Make each day your masterpiece. —John Wooden"
"Rivers know this: there is no hurry. We shall get there someday. —A. A. Milne"
"Believe in your heart that you're meant to live a life full of passion purpose magic and miracles. —Roy T. Bennett"
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. —Eleanor Roosevelt"
"Celebrate even small victories. —H. Jackson Brown Jr."
"Keep smiling because life is a beautiful thing and there’s so much to smile about. —Marilyn Monroe"
"Time will not slow down when something unpleasant lies ahead. —Harry Potter"
"Every day I feel is a blessing from God. And I consider it a new beginning. Yeah everything is beautiful. —Prince"
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. —Sam Levenson"
"The only journey is the one within. —Rainer Maria Rilke"
"It is never too late to be what you might have been. —George Eliot"
"Everything you've ever wanted is sitting on the other side of fear. —George Addair"
"If you don’t like the road you’re walking start paving another one. —Dolly Parton"
"I have never let my schooling interfere with my education. —Mark Twain"
"No matter what you still have to eat drink breathe. —James Brown"
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do. —Steve Jobs"
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. —Ralph Waldo Emerson"
"Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today. —Will Rogers"
"In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life: It goes on. —Robert Frost"
"The greatest discovery of my generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitudes. —William James"
"Do what you can with what you have where you are. —Theodore Roosevelt"
"If you can do what you do best and be happy you are further along in life than most people. —Leonardo DiCaprio"
"You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take. —Wayne Gretzky"
"A problem is a chance for you to do your best. —Duke Ellington"
"You will face many defeats in life but never let yourself be defeated. —Maya Angelou"
"Above all be the heroine of your life not the victim. —Nora Ephron"
"Failure after long perseverance is much grander than never to have a striving good enough to be called a failure. —George Eliot"
"We make a living by what we get but we make a life by what we give. —Winston Churchill"
"What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say. —Ralph Waldo Emerson"
"There is a vitality a life force an energy... and if you block it it will never exist through any other medium and will be lost. —Martha Graham"
"You have to believe in yourself when no one else does. —Serena Williams"
"Progress is impossible without change and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything. —George Bernard Shaw"
"Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again this time more intelligently. —Henry Ford"
"You may not control all the events that happen to you but you can decide not to be reduced by them. —Maya Angelou"
"The secret of success is constancy to purpose. —Benjamin Disraeli"
"A man of genius makes no mistakes; his errors are portals of discovery. —James Joyce"
"The future is not something we enter. The future is something we create. —Leonard I. Sweet"
"Be deliberate and afraid of nothing. —Audre Lorde"
"The best way to lengthen out our days is to walk steadily and with a purpose. —Charles Dickens"
"You define your own life. Don’t let other people write your script. —Oprah Winfrey"
"Don’t look at your feet to see if you are doing it right. Just dance. —Anne Lamott"
"We must use time as a tool not as a couch. —John F. Kennedy"
"Appreciate where you are in your journey even if it's not where you want to be. Every season serves a purpose. —Anonymous"
"I raise up my voice—not so I can shout but so that those without a voice can be heard. —Malala Yousafzai"
"Failure is not falling down but refusing to get up. —Mary Pickford"
"There are no shortcuts to any place worth going. —Beverly Sills"
"Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. —Jim Rohn"
"If you change the way you look at things the things you look at change. —Wayne Dyer"
"The purpose of life is a life of purpose. —Robert Byrne"
"Seize the day and live each day to the fullest. —Roger Dawson"
"In the end it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years. —Abraham Lincoln"
"Keep your face towards the sunshine and shadows will fall behind you. —Walt Whitman"
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. —Ralph Waldo Emerson"
"I am deliberate and afraid of nothing. —Audre Lorde"
"A woman is the full circle. Within her is the power to create nurture and transform. —Diane Mariechild"
"In the end everything will be fine. If it's not fine it's not the end. —John Lennon"
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. —Eleanor Roosevelt"
"Don't count the days. Make the days count. —Muhammad Ali"
"Life is a daring adventure or it is nothing at all. —Helen Keller"